Background & Guidelines
---------------------
The file input.csv contains example student records from an ERP system, which is the authoritative source of student data. The file students.db is a SQLite database that contains a set of student records. The database needs to be reconciled with the input from the ERP system.

You may use external sources (books, forums posts, etc.) to complete this task. You may not seek help from another person or persons to do the work for you or assist directly with the task.


Requirements
---------------------
Write a program that efficiently updates students.db, such that the data in the database accurately reflects the data contained in the file input.csv.
Any records present in input.csv that are not present in the database should be inserted.
Any records present in the database that are not present in the csv file should be removed.
All records should be keyed on ID number.
It is not necessary to update any records with changed attributes.
All attributes are required, and any record with missing or empty fields should be considered malformed.
Malformed records should generate an exception, but should not halt the task.
All changes to the database should be logged to an easily parsed log file.


Language choice
---------------------
Any language may be chosen that can be easily executed from source without manual compilation. These languages are sometimes called "interpreted" languages, though the term is imprecise. Python, Ruby, Bash, Powershell, and Haskell would all be good examples of interpreted languages by this definition. There are many others. Java, C#, and C are languages where programs are typically compiled by the programmer prior to execution, and therefore should be avoided. Inlining code from a compiled language is allowed only if it is done for a specific reason. If the program is submitted as a binary or needs to be compiled prior to running, then it will be disqualified.


Deliverables
---------------------
Please submit the source code for your program.
